ANNOUNCER: Thanks for
downloading this Fox show.
And don't miss
all-new episodes on Fox.
Previously on Empire...
LUCIOUS: I took the liberty
of calling the FBI
ahead of time,
and I packed you something,
just to give you
a fighting chance.
ANDRE: Who is that?
GUILIANA: The most powerful
person in Vegas:
Charlotte Frost.
You betrayed me
one time too many.
Boy, you must be off your meds,
thinking you're gonna
come at your daddy like this.
ANDRE: You better fall back.
Vegas is mine.
I told you, I'm not doing
that deal with Lucious.
Lucious is not
our biggest problem.
It's that bitch, Giuliana.
I thought I'd
fly into town
and make sure Lucious and I
were still on the same page.
Inferno is
the Vegas deal, Cookie.
SUPERVISOR: We can't seem
to find your daughter.
What?!
I want my daughter, man!
MAN:
All right, let them have it.
(remixed version of "Ain't That
a Kick in the Head" playing)
* How lucky can one guy be? *
* I kissed her
and she kissed me *
* Like the fella once said *
* Ain't that a kick
in the head? *
* The room was
completely black *
* I hugged her
and she hugged back *
* Like the sailor
said, quote... *
WOMAN: Welcome to
Laviticus, Las Vegas.
* Ain't that, that, that, that,
that, that, that *
* Goin' in, goin' in,
goin' in, goin' in *
* Like the fella once said,
said, said, said *
* Tell me quick, tell me quick,
tell me quick *
* Tell me quick,
tell me quick, tell me quick *
* Goin' in, goin' in,
goin' in *
* She's tell me we'll be wed *
* We'll be wed *
* She's picked out
a king size bed *
* King size bed *
* I couldn't feel any better
or I'd be sick *
* Or I'd be sick, be sick *
* Tell me quick, tell me quick *
* Goin' in, goin' in... *
(alarm beeping)
* Tell me quick *
* Goin' in, goin' in... *
LUCIOUS: I would love
to make a toast to you guys.
To Charlotte.
Oh.
Without you, none of this
would've been possible.
Giuliana and I are
forever grateful.
WAITRESS: Ma'am.
Oh, no, thank you.
No, it's okay. It's a
non-alcoholic cider.
Oh. That's perfect.
Well, I think
it's time you people...
I mean, you hip-hop people
have a proper seat
at the table here in Vegas.
I just hope it continues
to go smoothly.
Cheers. Cheers.
* Tell me quick... *
Have a look, sir.
* Goin' in, goin' in *
* Tell me quick, tell me quick *
* Goin' in, goin' in... *
Handle it.
Done.
Excuse me, everyone.
I have to attend to something
downstairs for a minute.
COOKIE:
Are we done?
Okay, okay, okay. (laughs)
That's it? Okay.
Let's see. Come
on, give me some.
Lucky night. (chuckles)
Yes. I'm betting it all
on black, baby.
Don't matter what number.
You always bet on black.
I told you not
to do this.
What am I doing?
The gaming commissioner
is right upstairs,
and you're not gonna
cost us our license.
COOKIE:
Mm, o license?
As in yours and mines?
Or are you talking
about that bitch
who's dragging you around
by your salty gonads?
Okay, get her
out of here.
Don't touch me.
I can walk.
Oh, wait, I'm not going
nowhere without my money.
(people clamoring)
MAN: Hey, free chips!
WOMAN:
Hey!
Get your hands off of me!
Get off of me!
I will shut
this place down!
That goes for you, too,
you irrelevant bitch!
You are canceled!
Get off of me!
LUCIOUS:
It's times like this
that the family
needs to stay together.
And trust me,
we are united on this one.
COOKIE:
Yes, Hakeem,
and you know
it's our top priority
that we find
and bring Bella home.
That's the only thing
that matters.
Yeah, stay strong,
little brother.
That's Bella.
COOKIE:
No, no, no, Hakeem.
She got my daughter.
Hakeem. Get him.
Keem.
You took my daughter?!
Hakeem, stop that.
Hakeem, wait.
Excuse me.
JAMAL:
Stop, stop, stop!
It's not her.
I'm so sorry.
Man, it's a little boy.
It's not Bella.
Come on.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
I thought it was her, Ma.
I know, baby.
Come here.
Look, take him upstairs
to my office, okay?
Yeah.
That's the third time
he's done that.
Every time he sees a baby,
he thinks it's Bella.
Yeah, well,
I know the right person
that could help find Bella.
Okay.
I'm-a track him down,
and then I'm-a let you know
when I find out.
I got to hit a meeting.
Uh, wait a minute.
Hakeem needs us right now.
Giuliana's waiting for me.
*
(clears throat)
GIULIANA:
Inferno is gonna be
the biggest live show
Las Vegas has ever seen.
We're gonna do for the Strip
what Hamilton did for Broadway.
It's gonna be hot.
You got to trust me
on this, Charlotte.
Everybody thinks they're gonna
be the next Hamilton, Giuliana.
Look, I've heard this pitch
a million times.
Yeah, but what you haven't
heard is my new music.
No, thank you. I don't drink.
I respect that.
Can I get you some coffee?
No, I don't drink
alcohol or coffee.
I'm Mormon.
LUCIOUS (chuckles):
Oh.
Silly me. All this time,
I thought you was Mexican.
And I thought
you were black,
but I have no idea whether
you're Muslim or Christian
or anything else,
because I don't make
assumptions on your religion
based on race or ethnicity.
Wait a minute.
I was just making a joke.
(phone vibrating)
I wasn't trying to...
Oh. Sorry.
I have to have lunch
with my old pal Rudy.
(chuckles)
Lucious, listen to me.
Make sure this Inferno doesn't
open up the gates of my town
to a bunch of hip-hop
hooligans from hell.
Giuliana.
Thank you, Charlotte.
Thank you for coming.
A Mormon?
Yeah, I should've known that.
Okay? My bad. I'm sorry.
GIULIANA: It's a little
too late for "I'm sorry."
You could've cost us
our gaming license.
Mormons run
the gaming commission.
We can't afford
to offend anyone.
(keypad beeping)
Those the same ledgers from
your office safe in Vegas?
Why are you in my business?
Yes, they are. I take them
with me everywhere.
They never leave my side.
Because Mr. Lyon's business
is my business, that's why;
and it's just a question,
so don't get your
panties in a bunch.
Thirsty.
So, this is
what we're spending
to keep the thugs
off the premises.
I'm sure that Charlotte is
expecting some sort of melee.
Lucious, he's
just so sloppy.
That's just how
he dresses, sweetie.
GIULIANA:
No.
I don't trust him.
Thirst, you like
that champagne?
Yeah.
Take it with you.
You're fired.
* We came out the darkness *
* Darkness, darkness *
* Been through every problem,
we solved it *
* We got to keep
our hope alive *
* The greatest thing
that came to life *
* And if we keep it true to us *
* Us, us *
* We can take it much higher,
let's go levels up *
* Three birds of a feather
flock together, y'all *
* You see what we can be *
* Ah, yeah, ah, yeah, ah, oh *
* We can be different,
together we stand *
* We got the power
in all of our hands *
* They build the castle,
now we're here to defend it *
* Ah, yeah, ah, yeah, ah, yeah *
* Oh, tragedy's stayed *
* Trying to break us away... *
We need something
more, honey.
These lights are boring me.
* We're all we got... *
Especially coming up
right here.
* Oh... *
Yes! You got to keep your job.
Baby, that's right.
* But you know you don't
have to hesitate... *
COOKIE:
Porsha.
Yes, get me the VIP list for
Jamal's album release party.
I need to add a few names.
* We got us, we got us,
we got us... *
Add a few names, dummy.
* All I trust *
* Through it all, through
the rough, dust to dust *
* Dust to dust *
* You got me, I got you,
we got us. *
COOKIE: Yes, Jamal!
That was amazing.
JAMAL: Y'all can chill
for just a second, y'all.
Thanks, Danny.
Yeah. Thanks.
Ma.
COOKIE:
Yes.
So, I tried to throw
in there the whole thing
about Keem and the baby;
it just, it didn't fit.
Baby, it was
beautiful. Okay?
When Cookie Met Lucious is
gonna be a game changer for us.
All I got to do is set up
a meeting with Steve Cho...
LUCIOUS: No, Steve Cho is
no longer with our company.
COOKIE:
Uh, since when?
Since I hired somebody else.
I want you to meet
Byron Moore.
He's the best PR cat
in the business.
And he has some
interesting insights
that he shared with me
about the releasing of our--
You know what?
Just-just hit them, man.
I think we should hold off
releasing When Cookie Met
Lucious for a few months.
Are you joking?
Wait a minute, what?
Why the hell, why
would we do that?
Are you stupid?
What the hell would...
Inferno's...
Inferno's market awareness
is through the roof.
Two Empire releases
at the same time
will cannibalize
attention from both.
Man.
Excuse me, Byron.
No, man.
Shut your dumb ass up.
Dad, I agreed to do
a song with you,
now you're pulling my album?
I'm not pulling your album;
your album's incredible.
But you only get one chance to
release it out into the world.
Why do it under
all this competition?
You need your own space.
My own space.
Damn, Dad.
(stammers) Jamal!
I'm-I'm serious, man.
He can't, he can't
pull your album
without my...
Jamal!
Byron, please go.
Explain it to him the way
you explained it to me, please.
Look, I'm not
trying to hurt him.
I'm actually trying
to help him right now.
And I got a bridge
in Brooklyn.
Back off, Lucious.
Look, Mr. Moore is the best
PR cat in this business.
He's worked with Giuliana on...
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!
She recommended him?
(chuckles) Hell no.
Lucious, this company
belongs to me and...
No, it's our company.
It belongs to me and my family.
You keep that bitch
out of my company.
See, it's reasons
like that
that you're kicked out
of the damn casino.
Are you telling me I can't come
to ou casino in Vegas?
It's Giuliana's
casino and mine.
And you've been black-booked,
meaning you're
prohibited.
You can't enter the premises
of Laviticus Las Vegas.
(elevator bell dings)
Hey, where you going?
Wh-What happened?
Seems like my work here is done.
What, you want
to take a free shot?
Giuliana?
I didn't imagine his head
was that far up her ass.
But, look, I'm-I'm in shock.
I didn't see this coming.
Look, for the record,
I respect your gangsta.
You're a good mother.
I'll keep my eyes and ears open
for your granddaughter.
Uh, Thirsty.
(elevator bell dings)
Come to my house tonight.
Huh?
Yeah.
Having a little get-together.
Think you might like it.
(doorbell rings)
Welcome to the resistance.
You are officially
Team Cookie now.
THIRSTY: And this is the team?
COOKIE: Mm-hmm.
Giuliana has Lucious pinky-tied.
We all know it.
He's cut off
family members,
friends, people
who've had his back,
all for Vegas,
all for her.
And that's why this team
is going to end her.
Yeah, you mean "end" her, right?
'Cause that
bitch is cold.
I seen her pull a trig...
Shut your mouth.
No, no, no.
You seen her what?
You shut your mouth!
Hey!
COOKIE: Hey, hey,
everybody...
Hey!
Come on!
Get your hands off me!
(clamoring)
Everybody, be quiet!
Shut up!
Quit acting like
a bunch of bitches!
Thank you, Porsha.
Thank you.
Somebody with some sense.
Keep it together.
Now, listen, let me
get one thing clear.
I don't want to do this.
I wish I didn't have to.
Giuliana is a cancer.
Not just to Lucious,
but to the entire Empire.
To the family!
And if we don't
root that bitch out,
we all die.
SHINE:
I'm sorry, Cookie.
I can't do it.
I can't work with this fool.
I'm out.
Are you serious?
Oh, Drop, you, too?
Oh, so y'all just gonna
bitch up like that?
Say what you want.
COOKIE: Oh, you just
gonna snatch up gifts?
Wow.
Okay. All right,
all right, all right.
So we got eight.
There's eight of us
if, Chicken and Marcel,
y'all still coming to Vegas
with Hakeem?
I'm in. You?
COOKIE: Yeah, soldiers.
We still got soldiers.
Now we just got to get...
No, Mom.
I'm just gonna stay here
and wait for Bella.
No, Hakeem, listen.
There is nothing more important
than getting Bella back.
Nothing. Right, Jamal?
JAMAL: Of course not.
But, I mean, I got an album
coming out in ten days.
I will be back in time
for the album release.
Look, this is not
a side-hustle here!
If we don't end this bitch,
there will be nothing left
for you, for the album,
for Bella, none of us.
Can't you see that?
Oh, okay.
This is great.
You know I love you, Ma.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Great plan, Mom.
Well, that obviously
wasn't the right team.
Obviously not, Thirsty!
Hey, Cookie,
I can get the means
to do whatever.
Who else can you trust?
BECKY:
I have some bad news.
I brought you in to explain
that your recording budget
has been cut.
The recording budget?
It's just that...
Becky, why in the hell
has my hair and makeup
budget been cut?
Take a number, sweetheart.
My budget got cut, too.
Um, your budget got cut
because Andre curved your ass.
Do I need to toss you
off another stage?
Oh, my God.
TIANA: Oh.
You want to try again?
I didn't come here to fight.
Can we please not do this?
I just don't-- Hey! Hey!
Hey, ladies, ladies!
Please do not go all
"Ten Duel Commandments" in here.
Okay, everybody
got their budget cut.
It's got nothing to do
with Hakeem,
and it's got nothing to do
with Andre, all right?
Everything outside of
Lucious' Vegas show
has been cut, including me
and my check, okay?
We're all cut.
Grasshopper.
What do you say
we take care of some business?
It's personal.
Why are you doing that?
No reason.
Did you put glass in here?
For Fatima's bastard.
Did you put glass...
He's not welcome in this house.
(doorbell rings)
(door opens)
Mr. Cousins is here
for lunch with Mr. Lyon.
Miss Leah.
Look, um, lunch is gonna be
a little bit delayed.
We had a little trouble
with the kitchen.
Why am I here, and how
the hell did you find me?
I mean, typically,
a man in my position
can find just about anybody
that they're looking for,
if they're important
enough to him.
I mean, that's always
been my experience.
But I've searched
high and low
to find this one person,
and I keep coming up empty.
As you may
or may not know...
Child Protective Services
illegally entered my home
and took my grandchild
on trumped-up allegations
of child endangerment.
Now, apparently she's been lost
in this matrix of paperwork
that they call a system.
And I'm asking you to use
all of your expertise
as an FBI agent...
to find my grandchild.
I will give you
whatever you want.
All right, the key to taking
Giuliana down is her ledgers,
which she keeps in a wall
safe inside her office.
There's only one way in
and one way out.
And me and Cookie
are both banned.
CANDACE:
So we're going to
sneak inside a casino
and crack a safe?
THIRSTY: Look, I know it
sounds a little Hollywood,
but, uh, Cookie
has faith in you,
and I believe in being prepared.
Now, we're not talking
about the whole casino;
we're just talking
about the VIP room,
where high rollers
do their thing.
Oh.
Now, there's a security
guard blocking that door.
Carol, you're gonna
distract him by using
whatever means necessary.
You cool with that?
Oh, baby, I'm cool with that.
Me and my means...
are good to go.
BECKY:
(chuckles) Yes, honey.
Okay, now, Candace,
you and hubby will get
Giuliana out that door
by Kevin here posing
as a high roller.
Blackjack is my middle name.
Right, babe?
That's right, baby.
THIRSTY:
Okey-dokey. Now,
behind this door,
there's a hallway
that leads to the vault
in one direction
and Giuliana's
office in the other.
Now, the door can
only be opened by using
a four-digit security code
that gets changed daily.
We get the number, and that
gets us to the safecracking.
(whistles)
Marvin, roll it in.
Wow.
THIRSTY:
Yeah.
You got to think
of this safe as
a piggy bank
on steroids.
It's not that deep.
So who's gonna crack that?
Uh, I'm not a safecra... Look,
I'm not gonna crack a safe.
I'll do it. I used to boost
department stores a lot.
No, ma'am.
Can you back your ass up?
You have the chill
disposition we need,
so you will
crack the safe, Becky.
(knuckles crack)
(door opens)
(man grunts)
(grunts)
Only reason I'm doing this
is because of a helpless,
blameless little girl who
happens to be my blood.
Didn't do anything to
deserve getting caught up
in this ugliness
you perpetuate.
This is Sam.
Sam, this is Lucious.
He needs your help
with something.
Hello, Sam.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm told that, um...
you might have been
contacted by somebody
to forge some documents.
Documents for...
...my granddaughter?
I've never seen that kid
in my life.
And even if I had,
I don't dime on paying clients.
He don't dime
on paying clients.
(groaning)
Okay, just take your time,
all right?
Relax your shoulders,
breathe through it.
CAROL: So, these are cameras?
CANDACE: Yeah, just try one.
Okay.
Look there.
She'll show you.
THIRSTY: Don't listen for
the click. Feel the click.
Oh, shut up, shut up.
I almost got it. I got it.
Damn!
I just...
I don't know
about this, Cookie.
Maybe we should
just call this off.
No, no, we are not
calling this off.
I haven't seen my Kevin
this excited since...
Uh, I don't need to know
what gets Kevin excited, okay?
KEVIN:
Blackjack!
Honey, I got a blackjack.
Okay, Kevin, we get it
that you like black.
THIRSTY:
Becky, look at this.
It's just me and you, okay?
Focus.
Be confident.
Put your hands on the
dial... and breathe.
(Becky and Thirsty
breathing deeply)
(grunts)
TARIQ:
Who hired you?
Look, I'm not a bad guy.
You know, some
poor orphan kid
needs a shot
at a decent life,
I get 'em out of the system,
so maybe they won't
become bottom-feeders.
Bottom-feeders?
Are you referring
to these innocent children
that's got no choice
of where they are,
thrown in a system--
you calling them bottom-feeders?
People like me
and my brother?
How do you feel
about that, brother?
I don't like it
one bit, brother.
How you feel about it?
It hurts my feelings.
(Sam groaning)
That felt good.
Sorry it took so long
for us to come together.
(panting)
I'm-a... go and
get to a meeting.
Maybe you can get
some more out of him.
Okay?
(softly):
Yeah.
I'm sorry it took us
this long to get here.
(Sam groans)
This is called
"open monitoring meditation."
So don't focus on the safe.
You focus on
everything that exists.
Be aware of
every sound.
Every sound.
Every thought.
Every memory-- let it
flow through you.
Every memory's
flowing through me.
You're not touching the lock,
you are the lock.
The lock is you.
You and the lock are one.
I am the lock.
(safe clanks)
(sighs)
I am the lock.
I...
Feel the click!
...am the lock.
(safe clanks)
I am the lock.
I am the...
(Cookie and Becky cheering)
COOKIE: All right,
get up, bitches!
Yes!
We are going to Vegas!
Get up, bitches.
Pack up your clothes.
I am the lock! I am the lock!
* We can get low,
oh, nah, nah, nah *
* We can get low, oh,
nah, nah, nah *
* Let me be your friend,
baby, let me in *
* Tell you no lies,
oh, nah, nah, nah *
* We can get lost,
* Take it all off,
oh, nah, nah, nah *
* Let me be your friend,
baby, let me in *
* Give it to me all,
oh, nah, nah, nah... *
CAROL:
Whoo!
Vegas, baby, yes!
This is my kind of town, guys.
Hey, listen, uh,
when we get done
this little gig we got to do,
I need for y'all to
take me out on the town.
Carol, shut your mouth.
We just met these fools
in the lobby.
(volume decreasing)
CAROL:
Hey, wait a minute.
Why y'all turning
the music down?
It's me. You can do
it from back here.
(exhales slowly)
I'm kind of nervous.
Keep your faith in our plan.
Get it together before
we get with Cookie.
Okay.
* I got the moves,
I got the moves *
(volume increases):
* I'm making moves *
* You gotta move *
* She made that back move *
* She made the ... move *
* I make the city move *
* Like whoa *
* I made the city move *
* I got the moves *
* I'm making *
* I got the moves... *
WOMAN: Welcome to
Laviticus, Las Vegas.
* You gotta *
* She made that back move *
* She made the ... move *
* I make the city move *
* I do *
* I made the city move *
* Give me the ball
and I will have to pass it *
Yes!
* I ain't passing out
till I'm asthma attacking *
* I take a plan,
then I back to back it *
* Hit after hit,
check the batting average *
* I take the work,
flip it, acrobatic *
* Got a little time
and a lot of talent *
* Do a little talking
and a lot of action *
* Seen the competition,
hmm, not a challenge *
* I lean, I move,
I walk through in this... *
* Packed out
but I can count on my hands *
* Who I'm-a talk to
in this ... *
* Girls from law school
(tape rewinding)
* Yeah, they paralegals *
* Barely 21, that's very legal *
* But they doing ... that's
probably barely legal... *
Welcome to
Laviticus Las Vegas.
CAROL:
Damn, you look hot, Chicken.
* From here on out,
it'll be consecutive... *
Lucious and Giuliana?
Upstairs in the club
having dinner
with the Mormon boss lady.
* For a minute, me, I make the
... that last for infinity *
* Hop in the booth, man,
that ... like a gym to me *
* Don't test the agility,
hit your ... *
* From like way,
oh, ways away... *
You know you can still let me
open the safe, right?
Shut your stupid ass up
before you blow your cover.
* I got the moves *
* I'm making *
* I'm making moves *
* You gotta move *
* You gotta *
* She make that back move *
* She made the ... move *
* I make the city move *
* I do *
* I made the city move *
* I do... *
KEVIN: Lady luck
is with me tonight!
Bring it on.
Honey, are you
still going at it?
We got to go.
Oh, my dear, I'm ahead.
If you want some
of this behind,
you better scale up.
* Any of the above,
now you harder to find. *
A first-class casino
would've comped us a room
and had these winnings
secure in a safe by now.
KEVIN: Mm-hmm.
You know, just saying.
Sir, madam.
If you would like,
we could put your winnings
in one of our vaults.
Oh.
(crowd cheering)
Get off of me!
I will shut this place down!
Get your hands off of me!
My name is...!
Seems a little
hectic here tonight.
If you don't mind,
I'd like to take a tour
of the vault first.
One moment, sir.
COOKIE:
You are canceled! Get off of me!
Get off of me!
Get off of me.
Okay, all right, okay!
Keep your hands to yourself!
High-roller on table four
would like a tour of the vaults.
Meet me at the
east security door,
and make sure Cookie is
out of this building.
Yes, ma'am.
COOKIE: I will end
your career, bitch!
Get off of me.
I can walk.
* Oh, oh, oh, oh *
* Hey, hey, hey, hey... *
Lucious.
Is everything okay?
Everything's absolutely fine.
Look, I know you've got
concerns about Inferno's crowd,
but I assure you, you'll be
able to bring your husband
and your kids to this place.
ANDRE: My father is a man
of his word, Ms. Frost.
I can assure you.
It's Mrs. Frost.
ANDRE:
Oh. I'm Andre Lyon.
We haven't properly met,
but I've heard
wonderful things about you.
LUCIOUS: I'm quite
surprised that you're here.
You know I just had
your mother thrown out.
Are you next?
Actually, I came by to warn you.
Unfortunately,
I was too late.
So, I'm Empire's CFO.
If I can be of service
to you in any way,
please do not hesitate,
let me know.
Thank you. Andre?
That's right.
Andre.
Very kind of you.
(chuckles)
Did you see that bitch
smirking down at me?
I should've threw my heel
right at her neck.
I did good, though,
didn't I?
Yeah.
Gave a little, little
Kill Bill meets Casino,
with the ass of Foxy Brown
left up on there.
Uh, don't be looking at my ass.
No, I'm just--
Okay, look, they're headed
to the security door.
GIULIANA: Your winnings are
totally secure, Mr. Mason.
All of our security
are ex-military.
Oh.
That's nice to know.
Oh. How grotesque.
Just sit your little
debutante ass down
right here, please.
Thank you.
Whatever. Which
screen is which?
All right, this is
Carol, that's Becky,
and there goes your
little hubby right there.
GIULIANA: We like to
take extra special care
of our high-rollers,
like yourself.
How can I speak to him?
Grab the mic.
KEVIN:
Ooh, I can see that.
Eyes up, Kevin.
Mama's watching.
She too old to be showing
that much cleavage.
(chuckles)
THIRSTY:
I got to beg to differ.
Those are nice.
COOKIE:
Yeah, you would.
You like them big
and fake, don't you?
GIULIANA: The vault itself
is state-of-the-art.
Well, as long as
it's secure.
Do I look like the type
of girl you can't trust?
(chuckles)
THIRSTY:
All right, listen up, y'all.
Code is: six, six,
four, nine.
Becky, you got that?
Six, six, four, nine.
(sighs) I'm on it.
Right this way.
THIRSTY: Give them time
to get to the vault.
All right, Carol, it's
your turn. Strangé time.
That's the guy.
He's your target.
Go do your thing.
(sighs)
CAROL:
Hey, baby.
You know, a girl
really feels safe
with a big strapping
brother like yourself
keeping an eye on things.
Damn, my sister is a ho.
Mm. Thank God.
GUARD: If you're soliciting,
I will call the police.
Move along.
CAROL: (chuckles)
Honey, I'm not a working girl.
But you know I can
work it, right?
You don't want to come
get a drink with me?
Ma'am, move away
from the door.
Uh... (laughs) wait a minute.
You ain't got to
call me "ma'am."
I'm probably younger
than your big ass.
He's not going for it.
I know.
GUARD:
This is your final warning.
Step aside.
(quietly):
Ain't that a bitch.
All right, you
know what, y'all?
I'm about to
go to the bar
while y'all figure
this out, okay?
Hell no!
Okay, let me think,
let me think for a minute.
Hurry up. My man can't be
entertaining Giuliana all night.
BECKY:
Oh, we're screwed.
How am I supposed to get
past him? He's not gonna budge.
Hold on, I think this freak
is into Becky.
What?
Oh.
Hey, Becky, I think
this dude is into you.
G-Go get your flirt on.
I am not trained for that.
Look, I can tell by the way
he stands, he's in the military.
All right? So just talk to him
about military stuff.
And shake your ass, see if
we can get him to "Oohrah."
All right, so,
while she's shaking her ass
and getting him to "Oohrah,"
who's gonna
crack the safe, stupid?
Carol.
COOKIE and CANDACE:
Carol?!
What?! Me?
What we got. It's what we got!
Her?!
Ooh, Negro, I know
that's not your plan.
My...
To get the flightiest,
flakiest one on the yard
to crack the damn safe?
CANDACE: Really?
Look, I could've got
my team together,
but you're the one
that wanted to have
this little sisterhood of
the traveling attitude
on the road, so let's
just deal with what we got!
You know,
cut it out with the $10 jokes,
looking like a sherbet pop.
Sit down!
Can we just deal
with what we got?
Sit. Sit!
Could you just
speak English?
This is exactly
why I went Asian.
Let me guess. Navy?
Nope.
BECKY:
Hmm.
Coast Guard?
Nope.
Army.
That's right.
Army Ranger.
BECKY:
Oh, you're a paratrooper.
Hi.
All right, go, go, go, now.
Six, six, four, nine.
BECKY: Nice to meet you.
GUARD: Pleasure.
BECKY: Oh, my God,
you're so much taller
when you get close
to me like that.
(Becky giggles)
GUARD: How have you
been all night?
BECKY: I'm good.
Oh, you guys, I cannot do this.
Carol, you can
and you will.
Just get in there and do it!
GUARD:
I'll be out of here soon.
BECKY:
Oh, soon? How soon?
I'm almost done, too.
(keypad beeping)
GUARD: Yeah?
BECKY: Yeah.
GUARD: What time?
THIRSTY:
All right, you're in.
BECKY: Whenever you're off,
I'm off.
(giggles):
Oh, my God.
I'm so bad.
(giggles)
THIRSTY: Okay, walk into
the room on your left.
That should be
Giuliana's office.
Look for the painting
behind the desk.
Good. There you go.
The safe should be
behind the painting.
Come on, Carol honey,
we don't have a lot of time.
You can do it.
Bingo.
CAROL:
All right, you guys,
listen, I can't do this;
my hands are shaking too much.
Oh.
Okay, all right.
Carol, yes you can
and yes you will.
I will come in and beat...
(Candace whispers angrily)
Carol?
Carol, you got this.
Trying to act like
you a damsel in distress
when I know
you got nerves of steel.
I'm telling you,
I don't trust me.
COOKIE:
Oh, my God.
Okay. All right.
(exhales)
Okay, okay, okay.
(sniffles)
All right. I got it.
Carol?
You got this, girl.
Look, I know
I give you flak a lot.
But you made of steel, girl.
You got this.
Okay, Thirsty,
but you gonna have to
Mr. Miyagi my ass through this.
THIRSTY:
Okay, okay, we got you now.
Okay?
All you got to do is breathe.
(breathes deeply)
THIRSTY:
Carol? Carol, are you there?
Still nothing?
Nothing.
(sighs)
And nobody saw her.
(door opens)
COOKIE: Carol.
CANDACE: Oh, my God.
COOKIE:
We lost video feed.
I thought something
happened to you.
What happened?
We were scared you got caught.
What?
Bam!
(whooping, laughter)
Is that what we need?
Yeah, the gaming commissioner
gets one look at these,
it's multiple indictments
for sure.
Yes, ding dong,
the bitch is dead!
Yes, baby!
I knew you could do it.
CAROL: Told you,
I did it! Yeah, y'all.
You know
I'm a safecracker, right?
I'm a safecracker,
right?
We know you like crack,
but we ain't gonna get into it.
CAROL:
Hey, Cookie!
(laughs)
Fraudulent reporting,
money laundering,
consorting with criminals?
This is really bad.
You have seven kids?
Damn.
I mean... (chuckles)
They must be proud
of their mother.
Well, I hope
they're proud of me someday.
Right now, they hate
how hard I work
and wonder why
I can't be with them at home.
Yeah, I understand that.
Mine are grown, but they will
always need their mama.
Especially...
LUCIOUS:
Hakeem?
Frankly, I'm a bit disturbed
to see that you've left him
at a time of need.
You see, our youngest
is going through
a bit of a rough
time right now.
Fortunately, I've been
able to handle a few things
while his mother
has been here
in Vegas, running
around like a banshee.
Your last little stunt cost
us a half a million dollars.
But it's worth it
if it means I can
get my gaming license.
So what are we
calling this one?
"Charitable donation"?
I don't care
what you call it.
But after reading these,
the price might go up.
I didn't know
Mormons took payoffs.
Wow. You people really are
prone to stereotypes.
Come on.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have a lot of work to do.
"You people."
It's okay,
come on. Please.
Cookie, let's go.
Come on, you're
gonna cost us
some more money.
(mutters)
(sighs)
Wow. You have
an interesting family.
"Interesting" isn't the word
I would've chosen.
Well, then.
I guess you're gonna have
to help me find better words.
I'll get to
work on that.
(chuckles)
(laughs softly)
COOKIE: You talked
to your father, right?
He said he expecting to know
where she is today or tomorrow.
Yeah, I trust him on that.
It's the one thing
I do trust him on.
You can trust him, too.
Who I shouldn't
have trusted
is that... shady-ass Mormon.
It's my own damn fault.
So, what, she a Mormon,
you expect her not to be shady?
Ma, you just gonna
have to
dust yourself off
and get back to work.
That's exactly
what I'm gonna do.
Now, sit down,
so you can listen to my plan.
Wait.
No, no, no.
I got to tell you...
Sit down, boy, listen.
Now, y'all remember
old Byron What's-His-Ass
said we would never be able
to go head-to-head with Inferno.
Well, I want to take
them all by surprise
and get out there tonight.
Tonight. Mom...
Look, Coocious, the promo,
still getting, like,
10,000 new streams a day.
Hmm. When Lucious wakes
up tomorrow morning,
I want the press
to be all about
how Inferno can't top
When Cookie Met Lucious.
(chuckles)
And I want y'all to get out
on that stage, together,
and do a-a APB shout-out.
So people can look for Bella.
In front of all those
millions of people.
That's a great idea,
right? Come on.
It's a beautiful idea, Ma,
it really is.
I know it is.
JAMAL:
But listen.
I made a decision, okay?
(footsteps approaching)
Uh, what is
he doing here?
Am I interrupting
something?
You're always
interrupting something.
And what you make
a decision about?
I decided to hold off
on the release
of When Cookie Met Lucious
until after Inferno.
Why?
'Cause I'm gonna
join Dad's show in Vegas.
Ma, come on, it's a good thing.
It's good for all of us.
You know what I'm saying? It'll
get everybody really hype.
Is that what
your father's telling you?
LUCIOUS: What, you think
I'm lying to him?
He doesn't care about you, boy,
he just wants to win.
No, I want us all to win.
That's the whole point of this.
The stuff that he's
saying on this album,
I mean, the things
that he's saying to me,
I'm finally hearing him, and
it's something that I think
the critics and that his fans,
if they got a chance
to hear it...
Oh, shut up.
But they won't get a chance
to listen to what I've heard
if all they're hearing
is noise from Inferno.
Mom, come on. This is
what I've been waiting--
this is what both of us
have been waiting for.
You know, he's
actually hearing us.
You know you can't trust him.
Ma, how you gonna say
don't trust him?
When you just told me
to trust him about Bella.
Boy...
JAMAL: Yeah.
HAKEEM: How can I trust him
about my own daughter?
JAMAL: And that's a baby.
Like, that's ten times
more important
than our stupid record.
LUCIOUS: Wait, wait, wait,
stop, stop, stop, stop.
Y'all just ganging up
on her right now.
She's having a hard time; maybe
she just needs a few minutes
to think things through.
Give her some space.
Mom, please. Come on,
don't be like that.
Mom.
LUCIOUS:
Just let her go.
She came for me hard,
had her feelings hurt.
Maybe she just needs
to lick her wounds.
(elevator bell dings)
*
(humming tune)
Okay, here we go.
Come on, my little Bella.
(fusses)
All right.
(line rings)
WOMAN: Hello, Mrs. DuBois?
We just finished our walk.
We're at the gate.
(line ringing)
LUCIOUS (over phone):
Lucious here.
Leave a message.
(beep)
Yo, it's Tariq.
I found her. I'm on my way.
(engine starts)
Your father...
ANDRE:
I heard.
Vegas was a bust.
I was just trying to
get Giuliana arrested.
Don't give
up just yet.
No. Dre, I-I'm done.
That's a shame.
'Cause I'm just getting started.
Boy, it's over.
Okay? And I'm-- I know
you heard that frosty bitch
is all in your daddy's pocket.
Charlotte may have taken
Pop's money,
but she has no loyalty to him.
How do you know
who she's loyal to?
We've had our own
private conversations.
Dre.
I'm your mama.
Boy, give me the 411.
All right.
(inhales)
(clears throat)
Charlotte doesn't have
a problem taking payoffs
as long as she tithes
to her church.
But... she is deadly serious
about keeping
the thug element out of Vegas.
Now, anything
jumps off,
anything at all,
she will snuff out Inferno
before Pop can even
strike a match.
Hmm.
So she doesn't like thugs
running amok in her town.
Well,
we'll just have to give her
Biggie and Pac times ten.
(glasses clink)
LUCIOUS:
I owe you everything.
You found my grandbaby.
Please, don't keep me
in suspense.
Oh, never that,
my brother.
(chuckles)
"Brother." Yo.
A lot's gone down
between us, man.
I never thought we'd get here.
Neither did I.
Yeah.
You know,
once Bella comes back home,
I think you and me,
we should really sit down
and talk about how we can
look after each other,
the way brothers are supposed
to, you know, as a family.
Yeah.
We should drink to that.
You're not a Mormon, are you?
(laughs):
No, brother.
Yo, you gonna need
all the family you got.
Wait till you find out
where I found Bella.
(gagging)
What in the hell
is wrong with you?!
(gasping)
Tariq.
Yeah.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
ANNOUNCER: You've just
watched Empire.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
Mommy has to go
out of town for work.
Something
ain't right here.
The department
is obviously corrupt.
-I understand how you feel.
-No, you don't.
My son is dead.
-MAN:
You should go back to DC.
-(grunts)
Their threats
don't faze me.
This some sort
of game to you?
ASHE: We're taking on
an entire sheriff's department.
Nobody comes out
of this clean.
ANNOUNCER: Shots Fired.
Wednesdays on Fox.